Fixes: #17612 : Update ASN types in asn.md (#17625)
netbox-community/netbox: docs/models/ipam/asn.md

# ASNs

> An Autonomous System Number (ASN) is a numeric identifier used in the BGP protocol to identify which [autonomous system](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Autonomous_system_%28Internet%29) a particular prefix is originating and transiting through. NetBox support both 16- and 32-bit ASNs.

Reviewer: While you are at it, how about fixing this invalid sentence?

Right now it says in essence "AS a particular prefix is originating" which means the prefix would be originating the AS.  
Obviously this is the other way around, the AS originates a prefix.

Additionally origination and transiting are mutually exclusive imho so change the "and" to "or".

```suggestion
An Autonomous System Number (ASN) is a numeric identifier used in the BGP protocol to identify which [autonomous system](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Autonomous_system_%28Internet%29) a particular prefix is originated from or transiting through. NetBox support both 16- and 32-bit ASNs.
```

Author: OK
